CP-584: 5.1.0 changelog (#954)
confluentinc/schema-registry: docs/changelog.rst

|sr| Changelog
==============

.. _5-1-0-schema-registry:

Version 5.1.0
-------------

* `PR-933 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/933>`_ - DOCS-989 - Fix legacy SR doc issues
* `PR-936 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/936>`_ - DOCS-929 - Fix confusing anchor links
* `PR-938 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/938>`_ - Duplicate Heading Update (#937)
* `PR-921 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/921>`_ - Pass ClientDnsLookup to NetworkClient and parseAndValidateAddresses

> * `PR-873 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/873>`_ - Refactor SR to pull lookup datastructure to its own interface and Id Generation to its own interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PR-873 <https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry/pull/873>`_ - Refactor SR to pull lookup data structure and Id Generation to its own interface
```
